# Overview

BDO NSFW mod generated by Midnight Xyzw. The project's main page is on GitHub: https://github.com/midnightxyzw/bdo-nsfw

# What's included

## 1. [No Underwear](files_to_patch/_player/_00_remove_underwear)
This mod hides underwear for all classes (except Shai), up to Scholar. It does not contain any nude texture/mesh in it, to make it easier to use it with your own version of nude mod.

## 2. [Suzu's Nude Mod](files_to_patch/_player/_00_suzu_nude)
This is nude model and skin for all female classes (except Shai), up to Scholar, originally created by fantastic [Suzu](https://www.undertow.club/downloads/authors/suzu-%E9%88%B4.26775/).

This folder, with `No Underwear` together, provides the basis of the entire MOD.

## 3. [All Armor Removed](files_to_patch/_player/_00_remove_all_armors)

This mod hides all armors for all classes (except Shai), up to Scholar.

There's currently no options like the resorpless mod used to have. Adding those options involves non-trivial work that I'm not sure when I have enough bandwidth to take. So don't ask.

# How to use it

## The KISS way

This way involves less steps and is easier to follow. But it could be slow since it involves copying & deleting large amount of files.

1. First, you need to have Python environment installed and ready to use. The easier way to install it on modern Windows is via `winget`:
   - Press "Widnows + R" key to open the "Run" dialog
   - Run: `winget install python` to install python environment. 
2. Copy everything in this folder to your game's PAZ folder.
3. From the game's PAZ folder, do the following to patch the game:
   1. Make sure your game is not patched in any way. Applying this mod on an already patched game is not tested.
   2. Run [midnight_xyzw.cmd](midnight_xyzw.cmd) and follow screen instructions to customize the mod.
   3. Run [PartCutGen.exe](PartCutGen.exe) and follow screen instructions to refresh the part cut exclusion list.
   4. Run [Meta Injector.exe](<Meta Injector.exe>) and follow screen instructions to patch your game.
4. Have Fun!

## The developer way

This way is faster since it only copy minimal amount of files. It assumes you are familiar with the workflow or running scripts from command line with various arguments.

1. Install Python
2. Enable Developer Mode, if you are on Windows.
3. Open command line window and go to this folder.
4. Run `midnight_xyzw.cmd --help` for details on how to use this tool.

2. Enable "Developer Mode"

# Want to contribute?

Just submit your PR if you like. Or feel free to fork and modify it however you like.

# Work In Progress

- Verified against 06/26/2024 official patch on NA server.
- What's New:
  - Added 2 independent switches to control which subset of armors to hide:
    - switch #1: Female VS. male
    - switch #2: Free VS. Pearl Items.
    - So total 4 sub categories you can choose from.
- Know Issues:
  - Pearl outfits separation works mostly fine, with a few exceptions. I have found that the following pearl outfits are somehow categorized as free items: Bern, Blanchard, Binari. There might be more.
  - Ranger:
    - 头和脖子有色差

# v0.2.0 Release Notes (06/26/2024)

- Verified against 06/26/2024 official patch on NA server.

- What's New:
  - Removed resorpless 3.6f nude mod. Replaced it with brand new script generated armor removal mod that supports all current classes and is compatible with PartCutGen.exe
  - Removed hard coded partcutdesc.xml. Now it is requires to run PartCutGen.exe before patching.
  - Woosa
    - Underwear mesh/texture removed. Will show nude in underwear mode.
  - Maegu
    - Underwear mesh/texture removed. Will show nude in underwear mode.
  - Ranger:
    - Fixed missing body part in some cash shop outfits.
  - Sorceress:
    - Fixed missing pelvis mesh.
  - Nova:
    - Fixed shadows on body
  - Mystic:
    - Fixed shadows on body

- Known Issues:
  - Dark Knight:
    - Body part missing when wearing Darkborne Rose custom.

# v0.1.0 Release Notes (06/23/2024)

- Verified against 06/19/2024 official patch of NA game server.

- Contains nude mod based on resorpless 3.6f for the following classes:
  - Sorceress
  - Ranger
  - Tamer
  - Valkyrie
  - Witch
  - Kunoichi
  - Dark Knight
  - Maehwa
  - Striker
  - Mystic
  - Lahn

- Contains Suzu's nude mod of the following classes:
  - Guardian
  - Nova
  - Maehwa
  - Corsair
  - Drakania
  - Scholar

- Not support for the following classes yet:
  - Woosa
  - Maegu

- Contains some NPC and fairy nude mod. Origin is unknown.
  - If you recognize these mods, please let me know.

- Known Issues:
  - Ranger body part missing when wearing some cash shop armor. Looks fine in underwear mode.
  - Darknight body part missing when wearing some cash shop armor. Looks fine in underwear mode.
  - Sorceress body missed one pelvis mesh. could be incorrect partcut.
  - Nova:
    - Skin has dark marks when wearing cash shop armor. Looks normal when wearing underwear only.
  - Mystic:
    - Skin has dark marks when wearing cash shop armor. Looks normal when wearing underwear only.
  - Scholar:
    - No nude armor yet. You have to be in town and enable underwear mode to see the nude mod.
  - Strange shadow on jiggled body parts. This is known to all nude mesh mods you can find online.
