# Overview

BDO NSFW mod generated by Midnight Xyzw.

# What're included in the patch and how To use them.

Check out [PAZ/README.md](PAZ/README.md) for details.

# How to generate/update the patch.

When applying the patch in PAZ folder, "Meta Injector.exe" may reports that patching to some .pac files have failed.
This is an indicator that the patch in PAZ folder is not compatible with the the game binaries any more due to game
content update. Usually, these errors/fails can be fixed by regenerate the patch using the latest game client:

  1. Run [setupenv.cmd](setupen.cmd) to enter the dev console.
  2. Run the following commands in the dev console:

    run.cmd -i <full_path_to_the_PAZ_folder_of_your_bdo_game> -o .\PAZ\midnight_xyzw -m all

If you still see patch failures after this, then it is probably due to incompatibilities of my mod collection to the
latest game. Try delete mods in [PAZ/midnight_xyzw/_01_xyzw_collections](PAZ/midnight_xyzw/_01_xyzw_collections) one
by oen to find out which one causes issue.


# Basic Folder Structure

The [contrib](contrib) folder contains tools and resources I collected online. All credit and courtesy go to original authors. See [contrib/README.md](contrib/README.md) for details. I'll try to add reference to original authors as much as I can.

The [PAZ](PAZ) folder contains verified ready to use mod files.

The [src](src) folder contains the source files and scripts to generate the armor/underwear removal mod.

The [src/xyzw](src/xyzw) folder contains individual outfit mod.

